We get a responsive layout here on the auth screen
but we got one thing which may bugs you for quite some time already,
it's not perfectly centered,
our inputs are not perfectly centered.
That happens because we use a margin on them and also a margin to left and right which doesn't work
well together with centering in flex box.
Now we can easily fix this by going into our default input component, UI folder, default input where
we set up this margin and we simply switch this to set a margin to the top and then a margin to the
bottom so that margin to left and right aren't set, margin bottom also eight.
That's a quick and easy fix
and with that once this reloads, you will see that now it is perfectly centered again
and now the auth screen is really finished.